Organization Structure Updates with AORs (#960)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/organization/README.md

* **[Channels](/operations/research-and-development/organization/channels.md)**
* **[Boards](/operations/research-and-development/organization/boards.md)**
* **[Playbooks](/operations/research-and-development/organization/playbooks.md)**
* **[Calls](/operations/research-and-development/organization/calls.md)**

### Suite Teams

Suite teams are responsible for features that are utilized across the product verticals. 
* **[Suite Users](/operations/research-and-development/organization/suite_users.md)**
* **[Integration Frameworks](/operations/research-and-development/organization/integration_frameworks.md)** 

### Platform Teams

The Platform division is responsible for the platforms that support and span the product verticals. 

* **[Web/Desktop](/operations/research-and-development/organization/web_desktop.md)**
* **[Server](/operations/research-and-development/organization/server.md)**
* **[Mobile](/operations/research-and-development/organization/mobile.md)**
* **[QA](/operations/research-and-development/organization/qa.md)**
* **[Tech Writing](/operations/research-and-development/organization/tech_writing.md)**

## Cloud 

> The Cloud division is responsible for delivery of the Mattermost products as a SaaS product. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud division is responsible for the delivery and operations of Mattermost products across SaaS and self-hosted deployment options.
```
